hi my name is Jason Paul I'm 20 years
old I transferred running since seven
years and I'm dreaming in Frankfort just
free running and filming that's what I
want to do every day today that's what
I'm doing
when I was 14 I watched a mikaze with a
friend and then we just went out and
we're jumping around it wasn't really
serious but then we saw like a
two-minute TV before about actually a
French guys training and we started just
going out and jumping from stuff what
motivates me the most is just seems
watching videos and YouTube and seeing
other people around me training now I
just go with girlfriends - please not
having money because I'm traveling home
not going to school lots of stupid stuff
hadn't happened miss all funny stories
in the end the man stood still did what
I wanted to do and had a good time what
I want to do is in future is keep
training I believe I can keep doing this
until I'm like 30 40 years old this jump
about train don't know where we are a
few running is gonna go it's probably
gonna be is it's gonna it's gonna grow
and be bigger
I broke this arm tore a ligament on my
left foot toe to ligaments on my right
and cool yeah that's it
that's all really long ago I didn't have
any injuries for like the last three
years of my best memories is just mostly
just from traveling around and
especially being in Thailand with all my
friends because once or twice a year at
least all all of all most of my best
friends just come to Bangkok and hang
out and train and just just hanging out
on the rooftop like whether when the Sun
is going down eating fried rice and just
speaking with each other and having fun
is is the best memories because without
freerunning I would never been there
just just still sitting at home and have
a good job and that's what I'm then I'm
too happy so happy as well come on what
I realized that this happened because I
never miss anyone telling me the passion
is a really amazing event like what the
name says it's all about passionate
people sharing what birthday and to
agree
they're just people trying to be
successful in making that play love
which I can think really likes and so
it's not just working it out and
speaking with only people that have so
many ideas we have so good obstacles we
have massive boxes we have a crazy big
scaffolding you have people from
imposing Latvia Netherlands well we have
so many people from all over Germany
from around the world and everyone's
just having a glass and training I'm
completely destroyed I I enjoy the
weekend like like you know weekend